Part 1:
1. Line 9 printed: 20
2. Line 13 printed: 20
3. Line 9 printed: 20
4. Line 13 gives a ReferenceError indicating result is not defined. This happened because we declare result using let. The variable is only accessible in the block(if in this case) when it is declared using Let. Therefore, when we try to reference result in different block(else block), it give us the reference error.
5. Line 9 did not print because of the TypeError on previous line(line 7). Since we declare result variable using const, it prevent reassigning the variable which means that "result=num1+num2" is not valid. If the reassign line(line 7) is not there then it will print 0.
6. Line 13 also did not print because it is in the different block. The variable, result, was declared in if-block, but the print statement is in else-block. Since const only gives its variable block scope, it is not possible to access it in other block. Therefore, even if the TypeError did not occur previously, this line will still report an error(referenceError).

Part 2:
1. Line 12 prints 3, since i is delared using var, meaning i is accessible within the entire function. The value indicate that for loop has ran 3 time(i=0,1,2); there are 3 elements in prices(princes.length = 3).
2. Line 13 prints 150, discountedPrice also declared using var, therefore, it is accessible function-wide, which means it does not matter that is was declared in a for loop. The value mean in the last iteration, prices[i]*(1 - discount) = 150 => prices[2]*(1 - 0.5) = 300*0.5 = 150
3. Line 14 prints 150, finalPrice also declared using var, therefore, it is accessible function-wide, which means it can be modified in the for loop and still accessible after for loop for print. The value mean in the last iteration "Math.round(discountedPrice * 100)/100" still equal to 150.
4. The function will return an array, [50,100,150]. It return discounted variable, which is declared as an empty array at the beginning of the function using var(whole function can access this variable), and added an element(finalPrice) in each for loop iteration. [50,100,150] are the three finalPrice produced from the for loop.
5. Line 12 reports an error because we declared i using let for the for-loop. In other word, i is only accessble in for loop and not outside. Therefore, when we want to print i after for loop end, it will give us a referenceError saying that i is not defined.
6. Line 13 reports an error because we declared discountedPrice using let inside the for-loop. In other word, discountedPrice is only accessble in for loop and not outside. Therefore, when we want to print discountedPrice after for loop end, it will give us a referenceError saying that discountedPrice is not defined.
7. Line 14 prints 150 because we declared finalPrice using let at the beginning of the function and not inside any block. Therefore, the block scope is the entire function, which means we can access finalPrice in the entire function. The value 150 is the last modification of finalPrice in the for loop, and there is no other modification of finalPrice after the for loop; "Math.round(discountedPrice*100)/100" = 150.
8. The function will return an array, [50,100,150]. It return discounted variable, which is declared as an empty array at the beginning of the function, not in any block, and using let(the block scope in this case is the entire function), and added an element(finalPrice) in each for loop iteration. [50,100,150] are the three finalPrice produced from the for loop.
9. Line 11 reports an error because we declared i using let for the for-loop. In other word, i is only accessble in for loop and not outside. Therefore, when we want to print i after for loop end, it will give us a referenceError saying that i is not defined.
10. Line 12 prints 3 because length was declared as the length of prices using const at the beginning of the program and not in any block. Therefore, it is fixed and can never change throughout the block scope, which is the entire function in this case.
11. The function will return an array, [50,100,150]. It return discounted variable, which is declared as an empty array at the beginning of the function, not in any block, and using const(the block scope in this case is the entire function), and added an element(finalPrice) in each for loop iteration. Const means you can not reassign the variable, however in this situation, we are modifying the array and not reassigning the array. Therefore, it will not give us any error and still function properly. [50,100,150] are the three finalPrice produced from the for loop.